src/map_solver_playground/profile/README.md, before:

# Metrics Module

This module provides utilities for measuring and monitoring the metrics of functions in the map-solver-playground
project.

## Features

- `measure_time` decorator: Measures the execution time of a function and logs it as a debug message when a logger is
  provided. The log message includes the function's location (file path or module name), function name, and execution
  time.

## Usage

### Measuring Function Execution Time

#### Basic Usage

```python
from map_solver_playground.profile import measure_time


@measure_time
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```

When the decorated function is called, the execution time is measured but not logged (no logger provided).

To enable logging, you must provide a logger instance (see "Using a Custom Logger" below).

#### Using a Custom Logger

You can pass your own logger instance to the decorator:

```python
import logging
from map_solver_playground.profile import measure_time

# Create a custom logger
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("my_module")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.INFO)
handler = logging.StreamHandler()
handler.setFormatter(logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s'))
custom_logger.addHandler(handler)


# Use the custom logger with the decorator
@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```

This allows you to integrate the timing logs with your application's logging system.

### Example

See `metrics/example.py` for a complete example:

```python
import time
import logging
from map_solver_playground.profile.timing import measure_time


# Basic usage - no logging will occur
@measure_time
def example_function(sleep_time: float = 0.5) -> str:
    time.sleep(sleep_time)  # Simulate some work
    return f"Function completed after sleeping for {sleep_time} seconds"


# With custom logger - execution time will be logged
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("custom_timing")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)  # Set to DEBUG to capture timing logs


@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def another_function(sleep_time: float = 0.3) -> str:
    time.sleep(sleep_time)  # Simulate some work
    return f"Another function completed after sleeping for {sleep_time} seconds"


# When called, only another_function will log the execution time
result1 = example_function(0.2)  # No logging
result2 = another_function(0.1)  # Will log execution time with location information

# Example log output:
# 2023-11-15 14:30:45,123 - custom_timing - DEBUG - Function 'D:\projects\python\map-solver-playground\src\map_solver_playground\profile\main.py:another_function' executed in 0.100123 seconds
```

## Configuration

When using a custom logger with the `measure_time` decorator, you need to ensure your logger is properly configured:

```python
import logging
from map_solver_playground.profile.timing import measure_time

# Create and configure a custom logger
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("my_timing_logger")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)  # Set to DEBUG to capture timing logs

# Add a handler to output logs
handler = logging.StreamHandler()
handler.setFormatter(logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s'))
custom_logger.addHandler(handler)


# Use the custom logger with the decorator
@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```

Commit message:

Update README files and improve code clarity for 'profile'
Updated repository clone URL and installation instructions in the main README. Refactored and clarified directory structure descriptions and renamed "metrics" to "profile" in the module. Enhanced example usage in `profile/README.md` with detailed comments and logging configuration.

src/map_solver_playground/profile/README.md, after:

# Profile Module

This module provides utilities for measuring and monitoring the performance metrics of functions in the
map-solver-playground
project.

## Features

- `measure_time` decorator: Measures the execution time of a function and logs it as a debug message when a logger is
  provided. The log message includes the function's location (file path or module name), function name, and execution
  time.

## Usage

### Measuring Function Execution Time

#### Basic Usage

```python
from map_solver_playground.profile import measure_time


@measure_time
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```

When the decorated function is called, the execution time is measured but not logged (no logger provided).

To enable logging, you must provide a logger instance (see "Using a Custom Logger" below).

#### Using a Custom Logger

You can pass your own logger instance to the decorator:

```python
import logging
from map_solver_playground.profile import measure_time

# Create a custom logger
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("my_module")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.INFO)
handler = logging.StreamHandler()
handler.setFormatter(logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s'))
custom_logger.addHandler(handler)


# Use the custom logger with the decorator
@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```

This allows you to integrate the timing logs with your application's logging system.

### Example

See `profile/example.py` for a complete example:

```python
import logging
import time

from map_solver_playground.profile.timing import measure_time

# Configure a custom logger
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("custom_timing")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)  # Set to DEBUG to capture the timing logs
custom_logger.propagate = False  # Prevent propagation to the root logger to avoid duplicate logs
handler = logging.StreamHandler()
handler.setFormatter(logging.Formatter("%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s"))
custom_logger.addHandler(handler)


@measure_time
def example_function(sleep_time: float = 0.5) -> str:
    """
    Example function that sleeps for a specified amount of time.
    No logging occurs as no logger is provided to the decorator.
    """
    time.sleep(sleep_time)  # Simulate some work
    return f"Function completed after sleeping for {sleep_time} seconds"


@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def custom_logger_function(sleep_time: float = 0.3) -> str:
    """
    Example function that sleeps for a specified amount of time.
    Uses a custom logger passed to the decorator.
    """
    time.sleep(sleep_time)  # Simulate some work
    return f"Custom logger function completed after sleeping for {sleep_time} seconds"


# When called, only custom_logger_function will log the execution time
result1 = example_function(0.2)  # No logging
result2 = custom_logger_function(0.1)  # Will log execution time with location information

# Example log output:
# 2023-11-15 14:30:45,123 - custom_timing - DEBUG - Function 'D:\projects\python\electric-car\src\map_solver_playground\profile\example.py:custom_logger_function' executed in 0.100123 seconds
```

## Configuration

When using a custom logger with the `measure_time` decorator, you need to ensure your logger is properly configured:

```python
import logging
from map_solver_playground.profile.timing import measure_time

# Create and configure a custom logger
custom_logger = logging.getLogger("my_timing_logger")
custom_logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)  # Set to DEBUG to capture timing logs

# Add a handler to output logs
handler = logging.StreamHandler()
handler.setFormatter(logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s'))
custom_logger.addHandler(handler)


# Use the custom logger with the decorator
@measure_time(logger_instance=custom_logger)
def my_function():
    # Your code here
    pass
```
